API-8565: rename reorder_ to update_auto_access (#868)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.3/index.mdx

| `conditions.geolocation.values`        | Yes         | `[]geolocation_object`<sup>**3**</sup> | An array of objects; matches when at least one subcondition matches.                                    |
| `description`                          | No          | `string`                      | Description of the auto access                                                                          |
| `next_id`<sup>**4**</sup>                      | No          | `string`                      | ID of an existing auto access. If `next_id` is an empty string, auto_access moves to the end of the list. |

**1)** `conditions` must have at least one of `url`, `domain`, `geolocation` set.

**2)** `<match_object>` structure:

| Parameter     | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                                   |
| ------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `value`       | Yes      | `string`  | A value to match                                                                                        |

> | `exact_match` | No       | `bool`    | If set to `false`, a `match_object.value` will be matched as a substring of the customer URL or domain. |

Reviewer: I would like to see the default explicitly

**3)** the `geolocation_object` structure.  The condition is fulfilled only when all of the specified fields match.  At least one field must be specified.

| Parameter      | Required | Data type | Example         |
| -------------- | -------- | --------- | --------------- |

> | `country`      | No       | `string`  | "United States  |

Reviewer: missing `"` at the end

| `country_code` | No       | `string`  | "US"            |
| `region`       | No       | `string`  | "California"    |
| `city`         | No       | `string`  | "Mountain View" |

**4)** Modifying `next_id` moves the auto access specified by `id` before the auto access that is specified by `next_id`.
If `next_id` is an empty string, then auto access will be placed at the end of the list. If you don't intend to reorder the rule at all, don't include `next_id` in the request. To better understand it, analyze the example below.

💡 **Example:**

In the following list: **A -> B -> C -> D -> null**, letters represent the `auto_access` data structures while arrows indicate the `next_id` relation. Therefore, A has `next_id` set to B, B has `next_id` set to C, and so on.

> An `update_auto_access` call with the `{"id": "C", "next_id": "B"}` payload would result in the **A -> C -> B -> D -> null** sequence, maintaining consistency.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "maintaining consistency"?

Author: it's that the backend assures that list always makes sense, so in the case described above notice that 'next_id' has to be modified for 3 different element, but the it's not client's responsability

Reviewer 2: Now when you pointed that out it makes sense. I'm not sure if we need to specify that, though. It may cause some doubts, but the client doesn't need to do anything.

Author: I was trying to be as explicit as possible as it was proven to be non-obvious.  @walaszczykm any thoughts if the description is clear enough and we can drop those last words?

Reviewer 3: @ale-kacperczyk as @lpmichalik mentioned this change comes from the real-life scenario between us where I had trouble with understanding the real behaviour of this mechanism. IMO everything that is done automatically and kind-off magically under the hood by the server is something that is not obvious for the reader (because how could it be) and because of that, it is worth describing. When you encounter the description for the "update" method it is pretty natural by having some experience with various APIs that you expect to update the specific entity fields with optionally some of them restricted. Automatic reassigning of the `next_id` references for the elements in the list as it is happening here is totally out of the scope that could be easily assumed for this operation by the reader and have a real impact on the whole data structure. For example thanks to this addition in the documentation I will immediately know that after calling `update_auto_access` I don't need to call it multiple times for the rest of the elements to maintain the consistency of the list by my self.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence convinced me :D Is this short note enough, though?

Reviewer 3: yes it is enough IMO maybe I would only try to put the word "reorder" somewhere in this sentence to clarify what type of operation it is that is being made so it would be obvious
```suggestion
An `update_auto_access` call with the `{"id": "C", "next_id": "B"}` payload would result in reordering the sequence which after the successful request will look like this: **A -> C -> B -> D -> null**. It maintainins its consistency by keeping the `next_id` references properly assigned in each of the elements after single request.
```

> An `update_auto_access` call with the `{"id": "C", "next_id": "B"}` payload would result in the **A -> C -> B -> D -> null** sequence, maintaining consistency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An `update_auto_access` call with the `{"id": "C", "next_id": "B"}` payload would result in reordering the sequence, which after the successful request, would look like this: **A -> C -> B -> D -> null**. Consistency is maintained by keeping the `next_id` references properly assigned in each of the elements after a single request.
```

Reviewer 2: I added minor proofreading

> An `update_auto_access` call with the `{"id": "C", "next_id": "B"}` payload would result in reordering the sequence, which after the successful request, would look like this: **A -> C -> B -> D -> null**. Consistency is maintained by keeping the `next_id` references properly assigned in each of the elements after a single request.

Reviewer: The example is very clear 👏🏼

<Text>

### Update Auto Access

> Updates existing `auto access`.  Only specified fields are updated (overwritten), leaving unspecified fields unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updates an existing `auto access`.  Only specified fields are updated (overwritten), leaving unspecified fields unchanged.
```
